Add gke known issue (#312)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/google-gke.rst

  Refer to `GPU platforms <https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gpus>`_
  in the Google Cloud documentation.

.. note::

>    When installing NVIDIA GPU Operator v25.10.0 on GKE, there is a known issue in the NVIDIA Container Toolkit v1.18.0, the default toolkit version, that will misconfigure the config.toml file and prevent GPU Operator containers from starting up correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When installing NVIDIA GPU Operator on GKE 1.33+, there is a known issue where NVIDIA Container Toolkit will misconfigure the containerd `config.toml` file and prevent GPU Operator containers from starting up correctly.
```
